Mr. Chen, you are so predictable.
I mean, don't apologize to Mr. soon.
Mr. Cheng, I have no eyeballs
I dare not adapt to your abilities
Please help me
I suddenly went 50 million in debt
There are still a bunch of people who want to sue me
I don't want to go to jail!
swallow
Quanzi goes to the place where the video offends you
I hope you Haihan
Take private long take private long
You're welcome.
Since everyone said they want to cooperate?
It's okay to help each other
That gentleman has a way to save the bad son
So be it.
I will bear all the debts of Mr. Xu
This also avoids insurance disasters
Why don't you come and give it to Mr. Chen?
Thank you, Mr. Chen.
Thank you, Mr. Chen. Alright, alright, alright.
I told you before.
As long as you believe me
Absolutely hilarious
Mr. Chen can use my place in the future
I will do my best
Never die
perfect
Let's raise a glass together
Full bowl full
full
full bowl full
Chen Feng, look
Galaxy Education Park will land in Xi'an, right?
The land we bought in Xi'an
About to part
Thanks to Qu Siqiang
We will make all the procedures much faster.
Otherwise everything wouldn't be so smooth
Yeah, sometime.
Invite this Qu Sichang to have a good meal again